Weekly Changelog 2026-06-29 to 2026-07-06 (#87909)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: data/changelog.txt

Aftershock: Add industrial habitat building.
Add "XedraWood: Stone and Sorcery" mod to the CDDA repository
[XedraWood] Add magical tattoos and a profession that starts with them
[XedraWood] Add giant serpents, add map extra giant serpent nest
[Xedra Evolved] Add `The Withering`, another Nether Sorcery spell
[Xedra Evolved] Move `Weave Gossamer` to caster_condition
[Xedra Evolved] Message for werewolves ready to learn a new moon gift
[DinoMod] remove healthy from eggs
Aftershock: Increase the variety of moxphores found in ruins.
Isolation Protocol: Office levels are easier to navigate
Adds the Lagomorph mutagen gland to extra_mut_scen

> Aftershock: Ipav patch kits and make welding goggles for sale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Batch crafts no longer vanish when an unattended step's timeout is shorter than the batch-scaled craft time
Labyrinth treasure room terminals work, and don't crash
Worn flotation vest won't let you drown anymore
Inventory organization crashes/freezes
Typo fixes
Fix fractional DoT displays
Break monster grab if the monster was flung away
[Xedra Evolved] Fix werewolf claw attacks
[Xedra Evolved] fix heathaze estoc damage 

> Fix typos
> Update Nanomaterial Spawns missed from original Nanomaterial
> Fix Ruger LCR name/description/ammo capacity
> [Xedra Evolved] Lilin only attack you in the main dimension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inventory organization crashes/freezes
Fix fractional DoT displays
Break monster grab if the monster was flung away
[Xedra Evolved] Lilin only attack you in the main dimension
```
